[clkmgr] Address d2s clock idle handling (#11157)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/clkmgr/doc/_index.md

For this group software can only express its intent to shut-off, and does not have full control over the final state.
This intent is indicated with a register in the clock manager register file, see {{< regref "CLK_HINTS" >}}.

> Even when the hint is set, the `Idle` does not directly manipulate the clock.  When an idle indicaiton is received, the `clkmgr` counts for a period of 10 local clocks to ensure

Reviewer: indicaiton -> indication

> the idle was not an accidental or malicious glitch.

Reviewer: nitnit: one sentence per line

> Even when the hint is set, the `Idle` does not directly manipulate the clock.  When an idle indicaiton is received, the `clkmgr` counts for a period of 10 local clocks to ensure
> the idle was not an accidental or malicious glitch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even when the hint is set, `Idle` does not directly manipulate the clock.
When an idle indication is received, the `clkmgr` counts for a period of 10 local clocks to ensure idle was not a glitch.
```
